how are boys and girls here its just
is this year from here I bring you a new
cheap equipment of the league 1 of france and
here we will start with the goalkeeper who
We have to be a Syrian or whatever
call this Italian from the country sir
as you want he only cost us
thousand coins and it's very good for the
price after right side we should
savor the ivory coast I what
I bought because I always like that
of right and lateral sides
left will be as central with
good speed and also with good
nodded in the first central defense
we have a club or shaft kalu cameron
I got coconut from the marseille and also here
we have marquinhos a big promise
from Brazil the central fcn de paris saint
germain the left side we have a
we ordered this I bought it with sentinel
there were many with sentinels and they are me
cost 400 coins that's a good thing not
I know if they are still in the market so the
first containment we have madrid and the
French of Paris Saint Germain by a thousand
a hundred very good coins surprised me
now there is the other contention that
I'm going to teach I was surprised more than
madrid and because martí as we can see
it is a rare gold while the grape or
here you can also choose to see you
but mavuba one thousand meters 72 centimeters
those very short I water or is it very
small to make a strong contention
but the strength is incredible he could
Mark Lewandowski and take the ball away
it was incredible mauá and the goal that we
he did in the middle middle we have moutinho
the control passes were incredible for
your 950 coins
and so he made the passes for the
right ends the left end
will open and open the field in a way
incredible after we have the extreme
left I love my counterpart as
you want to call sat french
airlines if I'm not wrong it has four
feet four feet weak and four
star was awesome skills I know
who will resist
and if the centers also in central
there is a lot is you can buy menez
I meet like this I know why because if I know
we have good history in fifa 13 the era
a scorer for me then I bought it and
also the bonus with the heads
then it also occupies it in this
training that helps you a lot central and
here for the Colombians we have signed
to james rodríguez is incredible has
three goals in four games but this one
month makes some great goals
Now, guys, I'm going to leave you the goals
and as you can see, it cost us seven
one thousand 300 coins
lampeter huertas
i
and you conquer
because she